Sabrina Tesalona
A description of your project idea including context and visual strategy you have employed.

I knew I wanted to make something radial because those were the optical illusions I gravitated towards the most and I liked the concept of motion and color. My project idea was then to create multi-colored orbs that would loop around a circular path. They would look like they're moving up and down, which would create an optical illusion of smaller rings rotating within a larger ring. Since the movement is controlled with nested for loops, the colors shift through the rainbow to make it look like it's flowing.

Describe the process of researching, designing, and fine-tuning your optical illusion.

In my process of researching, from my last submitted work during our open lab, I followed a youtube tutorial that would create an optical illusion using 4 white rings to spin within the confine of a larger white ring. However, I wanted to make it my own and the work felt a bit too advanced because it would utilize a classifier and would include the use of adding another file within the sketch to link the code. I liked the concept of what was done, but I wanted to simplify it and be something I would be able to do using the concepts I already knew. I used nested for loops to organize the structure: one loop would control how many rings there are, while the inner loop would control how many orbs appear on each ring. To make the illusion more dynamic, I also added if/else statements that would make the orbs change shape between two sizes. When it came to color, I wanted to make a flowing gradient, so referencing the P5.js library, I used HSB mode, so I could easily cycle through hues and maintain consistent brightness and saturation.

How might your optical illusion get deployed in the world around you? 

I think maybe it could be used to visualize music, maybe the flow of the orbs would differ based on the beat or waves of sound and notes.

May it be incorporated into a browser extension? 

I don't think it would be very useful as a browser extension, but it's nice to look at.

Can it possibly be turned into a piece of wearable?

Maybe for a shirt it could be turned into a piece of wearable. I think it kind of looks like that one logo that Coldplay made for Paradise. 
