Write a description for your experimental clock. How is it novel to you and how might it alter the way you track / keep time? 
My clock is based off of my late onset genetic disease inherited by my father called polycystic kidney disease. In this format, it's novel to me because it made me think about how my life can look like a countdown towards the day that I actually have to be really serious about my health. 

Describe your design process. Include all three of your design sketches and explain how you’ve ended up choosing one. 
For this sketch, I decided on this one because it's considered the big clock on my life. I chose the year 57 for my design too because it was the age when my dad's kidneys started to fail and he started dialysis. My initial sketch was just a depiction of my kidneys going bad over time, but I remembered how drinking water is kind of like an elixir to slow down the progression of my disease so I wanted to somehow show that, which is why I thought of a game where there's a progress bar representing water that you have to fill up for it to happen. Seeing as I am now 26, staying hydrated is more important than ever to slow down the deterioration of my kidneys, so this exercise helped me visualize that and it also pushed me to find a way to code this experience.  

One of my other two sketches were considering how my relationship with my boyfriend depends a lot on time differences because he lives in San Francisco. I wanted to show our clocks when he's sleeping and I'm awake or vice versa, but then the clock lights up when we're both awake. The other is a clock that highlights my planner being a list on my notes app because I like seeing dates like that rather than a calendar. 

What’s your overall reflection on this assignment? What have you learned throughout the process of designing an unconventional clock?
My overall reflection on this assignment is that I would say that these experiences are a better representation of tracking time for me than actually staying on a specific clock. It was a bit difficult in comparison to the other two assignments because topic feels a bit heavier and I wanted to push myself further this time. I think eventually, I would want to do an assignment like this one again because of the concept itself. It's super interesting to me!